SampleIncFund.csv

NOTE
	Please bear in mind that this import file was made to be complicated in order to 
		demonstrate the different possibilities the plugin can handle.  In particular, 
		it includes unclear investment activity types, and also two brokerage transactions.
		Generally, most files can be imported with far	less interaction,

a)	Click Investment tab.
			On the right, Click 'Open File' and select your file to be imported.
b)	Check that fields are properly separated.
			If not, on Settings tab, choose ',' as separator.
c)	On Investment tab, choose appropriate columns/fields.
			Set Col	2 in Date.
			Set Col	4 in Type/Action.
			Set Col	6 in Quantity.
			Set Col	7 in Price.
			Set Col	8 in Amount.
			Set any other columns you wish to import as Memo, successively.  Notice an '*' 
				marks the choices made.
			Set Price/Fraction to '1' if the Price is to be imported 'as is', eg £.pence.
	 or	Set Price/Fraction to '0.1' if the Price is to be imported as eg
			pence.decimal.
			These depend on your existing KMyMoney security file content.
	 Leave 'Fee' settings empty as there is no fee data in the file.  If there
		were, choose the column, and check 'Fee is a percentage' if the fee is that.
d)	Enter the security name in that field to match exactly the name in
			KMyMoney.  The name will be retained in the pop-up.  If you wish to remove
			an entry from that list, click 'Hide Security'.  This has no effect on
			KMyMoney data.
e)	Click Settings tab.
			The Field Delimiter should already be correctly set.
			The Text Delimiter should not normally need to be changed.
			Set the Start Line to your first data line - '9' in this case.
			Set the End Line to your last data line - '22', to drop the trailer line.
			Set the Decimal Symbol to match those in your file, not your locale.  If your 
			locale setting has a different value, conversion will be seen to take	place.  
			When you click on	'dot', you will see that your values get highlighted in green, 
			if they	are correct.  If an error is found, the colour will be red, and one, 
			or	more than one, warning message will appear.  Try setting it to ';' to see
			the effect.
			Set the Date appropriately - 'd m y' in this case.
f)		Now, finally, click 'Import' on the right.
g)	The plugin will now evaluate your data.
h)	As the first two lines appear to be Buy transactions, a message box will ask
			for the account name from which to take the funds.  Respond with your
			checking or brokerage account name.
i)	Next you will get a new window indicating that an Invalid Transaction Type
			has been encountered.  This is because the investment	type is shown as
			'reinvestment', but only an Amount entry has been supplied.  Click on
			'Select Transaction Type'.  A drop-down will appear, with the dividend
			item ticked.  Assuming you choose this, the 'OK' box will be enabled, to
			accept the change.
j)	Another message box now appears.  This is because on line 11, a 'Bill
			Payment'entry has been found, and the column number of the payee is
			needed.  This appears in column 5, so enter 5.
k)	Another Invalid Transaction type has been found, 'Purchase', on line 13. 
		The drop-down now gives three choices.  Choose 'Buy' and click'OK'.
l)	The plugin has now finished its work and control has passed to KMyMoney,
		and the Account Selector wants your investment account to be selected.
m)	Once you supply this, the Statement Stats box appears, for the investment
		import.  Almost there now.
n)	Another account selector now appears!  This is for the two brokerage items,
		and you need to enter the brokerage/checking account for those transactions.
o)	Another Statement Stats box appears, this time for these two non-investment
		transactions.
p)	Finally, the import is complete.  Please bear in mind that this import was
		made to be complicated in order to demonstrate the different possibilities
		the plugin can handle.  Generally, most files can be imported with far
		less interaction, particularly as your selections are retained and should make
		the next import quicker.

If you have any comments, or encounter difficulties, first check the handbook in 
KMyMoney.  If still having difficulty, contact us on 
the developer list - kmymoney-devel@kde.org, or 
the user list - kmymoney@kde.org.
